If you are fourteen and you want to get into software, I want to
congratulate you.
This is an ambitious goal.
Maybe you saw a book about software and it appealed to you.
Or maybe you saw someone in the plain fiddling with their laptop,
and you wanted to be similar.
It's not important here.
Regerdless of why you're here, I think you're way ahead of your friends
and you'll be very successful.
I can see that already.

How do I know, you may ask.

I believe that only inquisitive mind goes and tries to learn from other people.
You did that by yourself, didn't you?
You came here because something somewhere inside of you felt this
interest, similar to what you feel playing chess, bindo, scrable, puzzles.
Maybe someone pointed you here?
When other people show you things it's typically because they judged and
consider you the one, the person who'll understand.
This is your achievement.

So both of us know you're good, and wise. Wise person learns from other people mistakes,
and here's what we will do.
I will tell you what I did right, and what I did wrong, and thanks to this
advice you'll go further and faster than I did.

But let me get back to software for now.

Software is very interesting, but also very complex.
Think of it as a car.
Many people have it, but very few people understand how it really works.
Fewer people can understand how to fix it, or maybe just tune it a bit.
Even less know how to build it.
Look at the order I mentioned this.
Use.
Fix.
Build.
I my opinion this is the order you should follow.
When the thing is unknown to you, you're scared of it.
Somehow things which aren't familiar to you and me rarely attract us on the
first look.

you use thing

You devote yourself to this interest for years, and it'll take care of you
for years too.
There's more and more software around us, and it's something that won't
go away.
People used to use horses for transportation, but we use cars now.
Can you imagine a world without a car?
Software is the same. We're not getting rid of it.

I was around your age when I started.
Complete accident, 
So here you are, pretty young, getting your hands dirt

No matter if your passion is music, literature, history or math, software is
also very accomodating. If you want to study software along with your study
of an instrument, that's fine with me. In fact, studying software like this
will be easier. It's because thinking about software is more like training
your brain to play the instrument. You learn the rules, and execute them.
You get the basic feel for what it's all about. Then you just get into more
complex levels and it's all about training.

Now you know you're special.

Study a lot, work, eat and rest , but you'll also enjoy it very much.
Your
Can you imagine asking your parents to sell a car 
